include::intro.adoc[]








[[resources]]
= Resources

[[resources-notification]]
== Notification
The Notification resource is used to list.
include::{snippets}/list-notification/response-fields.adoc[]
[[resources-Notification-Request]]
=== Notification request
Notification Request
include::{snippets}/list-notification/curl-request.adoc[]
[[resources-Notification-Response]]
=== Notification Response
Notification Response
include::{snippets}/list-notification/http-response.adoc[]



[[resources]]
= EmailNotification

[[resources-notification/email]]
== Notification
The Notification resource is used to list.
include::{snippets}/list-emailnotification/response-fields.adoc[]
[[resources-EmailNotification-Request]]
=== EmailNotification request
EmailNotification Request
include::{snippets}/list-emailnotification/curl-request.adoc[]
[[resources-Notification-Response]]
=== EmailNotification Response
EmailNotification Response
include::{snippets}/list-emailnotification/http-response.adoc[]




[[resources]]
= MessageNotification

[[resources-notification/message]]
== Notification
The Notification resource is used to list.
include::{snippets}/list-messagenotification/response-fields.adoc[]
[[resources-MessageNotification-Request]]
=== MessageNotification request
MessageNotification Request
include::{snippets}/list-messagenotification/curl-request.adoc[]
[[resources-MessageNotification-Response]]
=== MessageNotification Response
MessageNotification Response
include::{snippets}/list-messagenotification/http-response.adoc[]




[[resources]]
= InvalidNotificationType

[[resources-notification/messagedfs]]
== Notification
The Notification resource is used to list.
include::{snippets}/list-notificationinvalid/response-fields.adoc[]
[[resources-notificationinvalid-Request]]
=== NotificationInvalid request
NotificationInvalid Request
include::{snippets}/list-notificationinvalid/curl-request.adoc[]
[[resources-NotificationInvalid-Response]]
=== NotificationInvalid Response
NotificationInvalid Response
include::{snippets}/list-notificationinvalid/http-response.adoc[]

